Welcome to the Questionnaire 5000 Version 2 Beta!

This is a questionnaire app that allows you to create a questionnaire. The questionnaire can be completed by a user and later reviewed in the admin page.

Currently there is no security so any user can access the Admin page. But if you don't have admin credentials DON'T ACCESS IT!

The Questionnaire 5000 is also mobile and large screen responsive, so we have you covered.

==========================================================================================

* Quiz and Questionnaire are the same thing in this application*

- In order to create a questionnaire click on the New Quiz button and click start.
- Fill in your Name and a Label (Description) that you would like to give to your questionnaire
- This application uses the Cocoon gem which uses jquery to create a nested form. Simply click ADD QUESTION. You can add as many Questions as you would like.
- IN ORDER FOR THE FORM TO WORK, YOU MUST FILL OUT EVERY FIELD, or an error message will appear


==========================================================================================


- In order to take a questionnaire, simple click on one of the Question mark boxes in the home page.
- Here you must fill in your full name and email then click the BEGIN button which also uses Cocoon.
- The Questions for the questionnaire will appear and you can then submit the Questionnaire
- Once completed you will get a confirmation that you have completed the questionnaire and you may return home.

==========================================================================================

- IF YOU ARE AN ADMIN, you may access the admin page by clicking on the admin button on the home page.
- In order to see results for a questionnaire, simply click on the correct box.
- On the results show age you will see every user that has completed the questionnaire with their info and their answers!
